docs(meshtrafficpermission): added information about mesh traffic per… (#1607)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/policies/mutual-tls.md

To enable a `builtin` mTLS for the entire Mesh we can apply the following configuration:

{% if_version gte:2.6.x %}
{% warning %}

> Since version 2.6.x, by default, we no longer create the default [`TrafficPermission`](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/traffic-permissions) policy required for traffic to function after enabling mTLS. If you wish to avoid disrupting your traffic, it is recommended to add a specific or default [`MeshTrafficPermission`](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/meshtrafficpermission#allow-all) before enabling mTLS.

Reviewer: Wdyt?

```suggestion
Starting with {{site.mesh_product_name}} version 2.6.0, we no longer create a default [`TrafficPermission`](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/traffic-permissions) policy that's essential for traffic to function after enabling mTLS. To prevent disruption of your traffic, it's highly recommended to add a specific or default [`MeshTrafficPermission`](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/meshtrafficpermission#allow-all) policy before enabling mTLS. This policy will allow communication between your applications.
```
